Privacy Policy

1. Introduction
As Red Games, we provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our sites and as well as from users of any of our applications, whether on third party websites or as an application for mobile devices. The term “Services”, as used in this Privacy Policy, include both the Site and the Application. This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us (or permit third party sites to provide us) through the Services. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the primary access points to the Services. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.
By accessing and using our Services, you consent to us collecting, processing, storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy. Any changes to this policy will be reflected here.

2. Cookies
We collect personal information from you when you use our games and services, or visit our websites. Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while using our Services.
We use cookies for these purposes. 
1). We use cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins. 
2). Allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
3). We use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services in order to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage by our Users and web traffic routing. 
Third party advertisers on the Service may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so.

3. Purposes of collection
We process personal information about you for the purposes of:
1). Understanding your needs and improving our offering of information, products, and services to you.
2). Maintaining information as a reference tool or general resource.
3). Providing you with personalized information about products and services we may offer.

4. Protection of information
We will not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and anonymous. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via our Games will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.

5. Links to Other Sites
Our Services may provide links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

6. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at yaokorean@163.com.
Thanks for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you have a great day!
